[CAM-8427] - Review CAM Applications Boxes KB documentation (#2581)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Automating Deployments/parameterizing-boxes-with-variables.md

{{{ 
"title": "Parameterizing Boxes with Variables",
"date": "09-01-2016",
"author": "",
"date": "12-28-2018",
"author": "Julio Castanar",
"keywords": ["cam","alm","boxes", "box", "variable", "requiered", "visibility", "variable type", "box type", 
            "binding type", "port type", "text type", "file type", "options type", "password type", "number type"],
"attachments": [],
"contentIsHTML": false
}}}

> ### Table of Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**In this article**
```

Reviewer: ☝️

* [Overview](#overview)

> * [Audience](#audience)

Reviewer: Only one level ToC with just level 3 titles

 * [Box variable types](#Box-variable-types)
    * [Box type](#Box-type)
    * [Binding type](#Binding-type)
    * [Port type](#Port-type)
    * [Text type](#Text-type)
    * [File type](#File-type)
    * [Options type](#Options-type)
    * [Password type](#Password-type)
    * [Number type](#Number-type)

### Overview

An application’s deployment lifecycle is parameterized in boxes using variables. Parameters denote dynamic data like database connection strings, endpoints, and application settings. Since you can’t know all possible values for the different environments and you don’t want to hard-code sensitive information like passwords, it’s a good idea to define such data as variables.

It works like this: define variables in box automation. Then refer to them in box [event scripts](start-stop-and-upgrade-boxes.md) with Jinja templating [syntax](syntax-for-variables.md).  
For each environment like development, staging, production, you can customize deployments by passing different values to the variables. Cloud Application Manager executes the event scripts replacing variables with the values you give at deployment time.

### Audience

> Cloud Application Manager Users

Reviewer: using ALM..

### Prerequisites

> * Access to [Applications site](https://cam.ctl.io/#/boxes) (Application Lifecycle Management module) of Cloud Application Manager as an authorized user of an active Cloud Application Manager account.

Reviewer: Add bullet point for configured provider

### Creating Variables

In a box management page, under Code tab, click New and select a variable type, then specify a name and a value.

#### Required Variables

Mark variables like port, text, file, options, password, and number as **required** if you expect a custom value before deploying. Say you define a database box that needs a username and password to connect. At this point, you know they’re necessary, but can’t get their values till deploy time. So mark them as required.

#### Variable Visibility

A few settings such as **Public**, **Private**, and **Internal** determine variable privacy.  

> Variables have public visibility if you don’t set anything.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables have public visibility as default.
```

Reviewer: ☝️

| Visibility | Description |
|------------|-------------|
| **Public:** | * Allows customizing values at deploy time.<br/>* Allows parent boxes and bindings to see and access values. |
| **Private:** | Same as the public setting except that bindings can’t access their values. |
| **Internal:** | * Hides variables at deploy time.<br/>* Bindings can’t access their values. |

### Box variable types

> Boxes support eight **variable types** depending on the data type or usage like any programming language. They are box, binding, port, text, file, options, password, and number. We will see then in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boxes support eight **variable types** depending on the data type or usage like any programming language. They are box, binding, port, text, file, options, password, and number. See below for each type details.
```
